---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_backups Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of PlanetScale backups.
---

# planetscale_backups (Data Source)

A list of PlanetScale backups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_backups" "example" {
  organization = "example.com"
  database     = "example_db"
  branch       = "main"
}

output "backups" {
  value = data.planetscale_backups.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String)
- `database` (String)
- `organization` (String)

### Read-Only

- `backups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups))

<a id="nestedatt--backups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups`

Read-Only:

- `actor` (Attributes) The actor that created the backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups--actor))
- `backup_policy` (Attributes) The backup policy being followed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups--backup_policy))
- `branch` (String) The branch this backup belongs to.
- `created_at` (String) When the backup was created.
- `database` (String) The database this backup belongs to.
- `estimated_storage_cost` (String) The estimated storage cost of the backup.
- `id` (String) The ID of the backup.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup.
- `organization` (String) The organization this backup belongs to.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether or not the backup policy is required.
- `restored_branches` (List of String) Branches that have been restored with this backup.
- `size` (Number) The size of the backup.
- `state` (String) The current state of the backup.
- `updated_at` (String) When the backup was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--backups--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups.actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--backups--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups.backup_policy`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) When the backup policy was created.
- `frequency_unit` (String) The unit for the frequency of the backup policy.
- `frequency_value` (Number) A number value for the frequency of the backup policy.
- `id` (String) The ID of the backup policy.
- `last_ran_at` (String) When the backup was last run.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup policy.
- `next_run_at` (String) When the backup will next run.
- `retention_unit` (String) The unit for the retention period of the backup policy.
- `retention_value` (Number) A number value for the retention period of the backup policy.
- `schedule_day` (String) Day of the week that the backup is scheduled.
- `schedule_week` (String) Week of the month that the backup is scheduled.
- `target` (String) Whether the backup policy is for a production or development database, or for a database branch.
- `updated_at` (String) When the backup policy was last updated.
