---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_branch_schema_lint Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Linting errors for the schema of a PlanetScale branch.
---

# planetscale_branch_schema_lint (Data Source)

Linting errors for the schema of a PlanetScale branch.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_branch_schema_lint" "example" {
  organization = "example.com"
  database     = "example_db"
  branch       = "main"
}

output "schema_lint" {
  value = data.planetscale_branch_schema_lint.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String)
- `database` (String)
- `organization` (String)

### Read-Only

- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))

<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `auto_increment_column_names` (List of String) A list of invalid auto-incremented columns.
- `charset_name` (String) The charset of the schema.
- `check_constraint_name` (String) The name of the invalid check constraint.
- `column_name` (String) The column in a table relevant to the error.
- `docs_url` (String) A link to the documentation related to the error.
- `engine_name` (String) The engine of the schema.
- `enum_value` (String) The name of the invalid enum value.
- `error_description` (String) A description for the error that occurred.
- `foreign_key_column_names` (List of String) A list of invalid foreign key columns in a table.
- `json_path` (String) The path for an invalid JSON column.
- `keyspace_name` (String) The keyspace of the schema with the error.
- `lint_error` (String) Code representing.
- `partition_name` (String) The name of the invalid partition in the schema.
- `partitioning_type` (String) The name of the invalid partitioning type.
- `subject_type` (String) The subject for the errors.
- `table_name` (String) The table with the error.
- `vindex_name` (String) The name of the vindex for the schema.
