---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_branches Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of PlanetScale branches.
---

# planetscale_branches (Data Source)

A list of PlanetScale branches.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_branches" "example" {
  organization = "example.com"
  database     = "example_db"
}

output "branches" {
  value = data.planetscale_branches.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String)
- `organization` (String)

### Read-Only

- `branches` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches))

<a id="nestedatt--branches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches`

Read-Only:

- `access_host_url` (String) The access host URL for the branch. This is a legacy field, use `mysql_edge_address`.
- `actor` (Attributes) The actor who created this branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--actor))
- `cluster_rate_name` (String) The SKU representing the branch's cluster size.
- `created_at` (String) When the branch was created.
- `database` (String) The database this branch belongs to.
- `html_url` (String) Planetscale app URL for the branch.
- `id` (String) The ID of the branch.
- `initial_restore_id` (String) The ID of the backup from which the branch was restored.
- `mysql_address` (String) The MySQL address for the branch.
- `mysql_edge_address` (String) The address of the MySQL provider for the branch.
- `name` (String) The name of the branch.
- `organization` (String) The organization this branch belongs to.
- `parent_branch` (String) The name of the parent branch from which the branch was created.
- `production` (Boolean) Whether or not the branch is a production branch.
- `ready` (Boolean) Whether or not the branch is ready to serve queries.
- `region` (Attributes) The region in which this branch lives. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--region))
- `restore_checklist_completed_at` (String) When a user last marked a backup restore checklist as completed.
- `restored_from_branch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--restored_from_branch))
- `safe_migrations` (Boolean) Whether safe migrations are enabled for this branch.
- `schema_last_updated_at` (String) When the schema for the branch was last updated.
- `shard_count` (Number) The number of shards in the branch.
- `sharded` (Boolean) Whether or not the branch is sharded.
- `updated_at` (String) When the branch was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--branches--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--branches--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.region`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Name of the region.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the region is currently active.
- `id` (String) The ID of the region.
- `location` (String) Location of the region.
- `provider` (String) Provider for the region (ex. AWS).
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String) Public IP addresses for the region.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the region.


<a id="nestedatt--branches--restored_from_branch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.restored_from_branch`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) When the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) When the resource was deleted, if deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID for the resource.
- `name` (String) The name for the resource.
- `updated_at` (String) When the resource was last updated.
