---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_database_read_only_regions Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of PlanetScale read-only regions.
---

# planetscale_database_read_only_regions (Data Source)

A list of PlanetScale read-only regions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_database_read_only_regions" "example" {
  organization = "example.com"
  name         = "example_db"
}

output "database_ro_regions" {
  value = data.planetscale_database_regions.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the database for which the read-only regions are available.
- `organization` (String) The organization for which the read-only regions are available.

### Read-Only

- `regions` (Attributes List) The list of read-only regions available for the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))

<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `actor` (Attributes) The actor that created the read-only region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--actor))
- `created_at` (String) When the read-only region was created.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the read-only region.
- `id` (String) The ID of the read-only region.
- `ready` (Boolean) Whether or not the read-only region is ready to serve queries.
- `ready_at` (String) When the read-only region was ready to serve queries.
- `region` (Attributes) The details of the read-only region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--region))
- `updated_at` (String) When the read-only region was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--regions--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--regions--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.region`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Name of the region.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the region is currently active.
- `id` (String) The ID of the region.
- `location` (String) Location of the region.
- `provider` (String) Provider for the region (ex. AWS).
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String) Public IP addresses for the region.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the region.
