---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_organizations Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of PlanetScale organizations.
---

# planetscale_organizations (Data Source)

A list of PlanetScale organizations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_organizations" "example" {}

output "orgs" {
  value = data.planetscale_organizations.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `organizations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organizations))

<a id="nestedatt--organizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organizations`

Read-Only:

- `admin_only_production_access` (Boolean) Whether or not only administrators can access production branches in the organization.
- `billing_email` (String) The billing email of the organization.
- `can_create_databases` (Boolean) Whether or not more databases can be created in the organization.
- `created_at` (String) When the organization was created.
- `database_count` (Number) The number of databases in the organization.
- `features` (Attributes) Features that are enabled on the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organizations--features))
- `flags` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organizations--flags))
- `free_databases_remaining` (Number) The number of remaining free databases that can be created in the organization.
- `has_past_due_invoices` (Boolean) Whether or not the organization has past due billing invoices.
- `id` (String) The ID for the organization.
- `idp_managed_roles` (Boolean) Whether or not the IdP provider is be responsible for managing roles in PlanetScale.
- `name` (String) The name of the organization.
- `plan` (String) The billing plan of the organization.
- `single_tenancy` (Boolean) Whether or not the organization has single tenancy enabled.
- `sleeping_database_count` (Number) The number of sleeping databases in the organization.
- `sso` (Boolean) Whether or not SSO is enabled on the organization.
- `sso_directory` (Boolean) Whether or not the organization uses a WorkOS directory.
- `sso_portal_url` (String) The URL of the organization's SSO portal.
- `updated_at` (String) When the organization was last updated.
- `valid_billing_info` (Boolean) Whether or not the organization's billing information is valid.

<a id="nestedatt--organizations--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organizations.features`

Read-Only:

- `insights` (Boolean)
- `single_tenancy` (Boolean)
- `sso` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--organizations--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organizations.flags`

Read-Only:

- `example_flag` (String)
