---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_passwords Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of PlanetScale database passwords.
---

# planetscale_passwords (Data Source)

A list of PlanetScale database passwords.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "planetscale_passwords" "example" {
  organization = "example"
  database     = "example_db"
  branch       = "main"
}

output "passwords" {
  value = data.planetscale_passwords.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String)
- `database` (String)
- `organization` (String)

### Optional

- `read_only_region_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `passwords` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passwords))

<a id="nestedatt--passwords"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passwords`

Read-Only:

- `access_host_url` (String) The host URL for the password.
- `actor` (Attributes) The actor that created this branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passwords--actor))
- `branch` (String) The branch this password belongs to..
- `created_at` (String) When the password was created.
- `database` (String) The database this branch password belongs to.
- `database_branch` (Attributes) The branch this password is allowed to access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passwords--database_branch))
- `deleted_at` (String) When the password was deleted.
- `expires_at` (String) When the password will expire.
- `id` (String) The ID for the password.
- `name` (String) The display name for the password.
- `organization` (String) The organization this database branch password belongs to.
- `read_only_region_id` (String) If the password is for a read-only region, the ID of the region.
- `region` (Attributes) The region in which this password can be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passwords--region))
- `renewable` (Boolean) Whether or not the password can be renewed.
- `role` (String) The role for the password.
- `ttl_seconds` (Number) Time to live (in seconds) for the password. The password will be invalid and unrenewable when TTL has passed.
- `username` (String) The username for the password.

<a id="nestedatt--passwords--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passwords.actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--passwords--database_branch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passwords.database_branch`

Read-Only:

- `access_host_url` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `mysql_edge_address` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `production` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--passwords--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passwords.region`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Name of the region.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the region is currently active.
- `id` (String) The ID of the region.
- `location` (String) Location of the region.
- `provider` (String) Provider for the region (ex. AWS).
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String) Public IP addresses for the region.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the region.
