---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_user Data Source - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A PlanetScale user.
  Known limitations:
  Does not work when the provider is configured with a service token.
---

# planetscale_user (Data Source)

A PlanetScale user.

Known limitations:
- Does not work when the provider is configured with a service token.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# doesn't work right now for some reason

data "planetscale_user" "example" {}

output "current_user" {
  value = data.planetscale_user.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL source of the user's avatar.
- `created_at` (String) When the user was created.
- `default_organization` (Attributes) The default organization for the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_organization))
- `directory_managed` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is managed by a WorkOS directory.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user.
- `email` (String) The email of the user.
- `email_verified` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is verified by email.
- `id` (String) The ID of the user.
- `managed` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is managed by an authentication provider.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `sso` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is managed by WorkOS.
- `two_factor_auth_configured` (Boolean) Whether or not the user has configured two factor authentication.
- `updated_at` (String) When the user was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--default_organization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_organization`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) When the organization was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) When the organization was last deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of the organization.
- `name` (String) The name of the organization.
- `updated_at` (String) When the organization was last updated.
