---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The PlanetScale provider allows using the OpenAPI surface of our public API. To use this provider, one of the following are required:
  access token credentials, configured or stored in the environment variable PLANETSCALE_ACCESS_TOKENservice token credentials, configured or stored in the environment variables PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN_ID and PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN
  Note that the provider is not production ready and only for early testing at this time.
  Known limitations:
  Support for deployments, deploy queues, deploy requests and reverts is not implemented at this time. If you have a use case for it, please let us know in the repository issues.When using service tokens (recommended), ensure the token has the create_databases organization-level permission. This allows terraform to create new databases and automatically grants the token all other permissions on the databases created by the token.
---

# planetscale Provider

The PlanetScale provider allows using the OpenAPI surface of our public API. To use this provider, one of the following are required:

- access token credentials, configured or stored in the environment variable `PLANETSCALE_ACCESS_TOKEN`
- service token credentials, configured or stored in the environment variables `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN_ID` and `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN`

Note that the provider is not production ready and only for early testing at this time.

Known limitations:
- Support for deployments, deploy queues, deploy requests and reverts is not implemented at this time. If you have a use case for it, please let us know in the repository issues.
- When using service tokens (recommended), ensure the token has the `create_databases` organization-level permission. This allows terraform to create new databases and automatically grants the token all other permissions on the databases created by the token.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    planetscale = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/planetscale/planetscale"
    }
  }
}

provider "planetscale" {
  service_token_name = "8fbddg0zlq0r"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Name of the service token to use. Alternatively, use `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN_ID`. Mutually exclusive with `service_token_id` and `service_token`.
- `endpoint` (String) If set, points the API client to a different endpoint than `https:://api.planetscale.com/v1`.
- `service_token` (String, Sensitive) Value of the service token to use. Alternatively, use `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN`. Mutually exclusive with `access_token`.
- `service_token_id` (String) ID of the service token to use. Alternatively, use `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN_ID`. Mutually exclusive with `access_token`.
- `service_token_name` (String, Deprecated) Name of the service token to use. Alternatively, use `PLANETSCALE_SERVICE_TOKEN_NAME`. Mutually exclusive with `access_token`. (Deprecated, use `service_token_id` instead)
