---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_backup Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A PlanetScale backup.
  Known limitations:
  It is not currently possible to manage backup schedules, only retention periods.
---

# planetscale_backup (Resource)

A PlanetScale backup.

Known limitations:
- It is not currently possible to manage backup schedules, only retention periods.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_backup" "example" {
  organization = "example"
  database     = "example_db"
  branch       = "main"
  name         = "antoine_was_here"
  backup_policy = {
    retention_unit  = "day"
    retention_value = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The branch being backed up.
- `database` (String) The database to which the branch being backed up belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup.
- `organization` (String) The organization in which the database branch being backed up belongs to.
- `retention_unit` (String) The unit for the retention period of the backup policy.
- `retention_value` (Number) A number value for the retention period of the backup policy.

### Read-Only

- `actor` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actor))
- `backup_policy` (Attributes) The policy used by the backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_policy))
- `created_at` (String) When the backup was created.
- `estimated_storage_cost` (Number) The estimated storage cost of the backup.
- `id` (String) The ID of the backup.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether or not the backup policy is required.
- `restored_branches` (List of String) Branches that have been restored with this backup.
- `size` (Number) The size of the backup.
- `state` (String) The current state of the backup.
- `updated_at` (String) When the backup was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_policy`

Required:

- `retention_unit` (String) The unit for the retention period of the backup policy.
- `retention_value` (Number) A number value for the retention period of the backup policy.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) When the backup policy was created.
- `frequency_unit` (String) The unit for the frequency of the backup policy. Not configurable for now.
- `frequency_value` (Number) A number value for the frequency of the backup policy. Not configurable for now.
- `id` (String) The ID of the backup policy.
- `last_ran_at` (String) When the backup was last run.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup policy.
- `next_run_at` (String) When the backup will next run.
- `schedule_day` (String) Day of the week that the backup is scheduled.
- `schedule_week` (String) Week of the month that the backup is scheduled.
- `target` (String) Whether the backup policy is for a production or development database, or for a database branch.
- `updated_at` (String) When the backup policy was last updated.
