---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_bouncer Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Bouncer Resource
---

# planetscale_bouncer (Resource)

Bouncer Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_bouncer" "my_bouncer" {
  bouncer_size      = "...my_bouncer_size..."
  branch            = "...my_branch..."
  database          = "...my_database..."
  name              = "...my_name..."
  organization      = "...my_organization..."
  replicas_per_cell = 1.89
  target            = "...my_target..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The name of the branch that owns this resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `database` (String) The name of the database that owns this resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization that owns this resource. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `bouncer_size` (String) The size SKU for the bouncer. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) The bouncer name. Requires replacement if changed.
- `replicas_per_cell` (Number) The number of replica servers per cell. Requires replacement if changed.
- `target` (String) The type of server the bouncer targets. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `actor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actor))
- `branch_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branch_data))
- `created_at` (String) When the bouncer was created
- `deleted_at` (String) When the bouncer was deleted
- `id` (String) The ID of the bouncer
- `parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `region_data` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `updated_at` (String) When the bouncer was updated

<a id="nestedatt--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--branch_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branch_data`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) When the resource was created
- `deleted_at` (String) When the resource was deleted, if deleted
- `id` (String) The ID for the resource
- `name` (String) The name for the resource
- `updated_at` (String) When the resource was last updated


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `actor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--actor))
- `category` (String) The category of the parameter
- `created_at` (String) When the parameter was created
- `default_value` (String) The default value of the parameter
- `description` (String) The description of the parameter
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the parameter
- `id` (String) The ID of the parameter
- `max` (Number) The maximum value of the parameter
- `min` (Number) The minimum value of the parameter
- `name` (String) The name of the parameter
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the parameter
- `options` (List of String) Valid options for the parameter value
- `parameter_type` (String) The type of the parameter
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the parameter is required
- `restart` (Boolean) True if processes require a server restart on change
- `step` (Number) The step change of the parameter
- `updated_at` (String) When the parameter was last updated
- `url` (String) The URL of the parameter
- `value` (String) The configured value of the parameter

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = planetscale_bouncer.my_planetscale_bouncer
  id = jsonencode({
    branch = "..."
    database = "..."
    name = "..."
    organization = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import planetscale_bouncer.my_planetscale_bouncer '{"branch": "...", "database": "...", "name": "...", "organization": "..."}'
```
