---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_database_postgres Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DatabasePostgres Resource
---

# planetscale_database_postgres (Resource)

DatabasePostgres Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_database_postgres" "my_databasepostgres" {
  cluster_size  = "...my_cluster_size..."
  major_version = "...my_major_version..."
  name          = "...my_name..."
  organization  = "...my_organization..."
  region        = "...my_region..."
  replicas      = 8
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_size` (String) The database cluster size name (e.g., 'PS_10', 'PS_80'). Use the 'List available cluster sizes' endpoint to get available options for your organization. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) Name of the database
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization the database belongs to

### Optional

- `major_version` (String) The PostgreSQL major version to use for the database. Defaults to the latest available major version. Requires replacement if changed.
- `region` (String) The region the database will be deployed in. If left blank, defaults to the organization's default region. Requires replacement if changed.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas for the database. 0 for non-HA, 2+ for HA. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `at_backup_restore_branches_limit` (Boolean) If the database has reached its backup restored branch limit
- `at_development_branch_usage_limit` (Boolean) If the database has reached its development branch limit
- `branches_url` (String) The URL to retrieve this database's branches via the API
- `created_at` (String) When the database was created
- `data_import` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_import))
- `html_url` (String) The URL to see this database's branches in the web UI
- `id` (String) The ID of the database
- `insights_enabled` (Boolean) True if query insights is enabled for the database
- `insights_raw_queries` (Boolean) Whether raw SQL queries are collected
- `multiple_admins_required_for_deletion` (Boolean) If the database requires multiple admins for deletion
- `plan` (String) The database plan
- `production_branch_web_console` (Boolean) Whether web console is enabled for production branches
- `ready` (Boolean) If the database is ready to be used
- `region_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region_data))
- `require_approval_for_deploy` (Boolean) Whether an approval is required to deploy schema changes to this database
- `resize_queued` (Boolean) True if a branch has a queued resize request
- `resizing` (Boolean) True if a branch is currently resizing
- `restrict_branch_region` (Boolean) Whether to restrict branch creation to one region
- `schema_last_updated_at` (String) When the default branch schema was last changed.
- `state` (String) State of the database
- `updated_at` (String) When the database was last updated
- `url` (String) The URL to the database API endpoint

<a id="nestedatt--data_import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_import`

Read-Only:

- `data_source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_import--data_source))
- `finished_at` (String) When the import finished
- `import_check_errors` (String) Errors encountered during the import check
- `started_at` (String) When the import started
- `state` (String) State of the data import

<a id="nestedatt--data_import--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_import.data_source`

Read-Only:

- `database` (String) Database name of the data source
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the data source
- `port` (Number) Port of the data source



<a id="nestedatt--region_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region_data`

Read-Only:

- `current_default` (Boolean) True if the region is the default for new branch creation
- `display_name` (String) Name of the region
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the region is currently active
- `id` (String) The ID of the region
- `location` (String) Location of the region
- `provider` (String) Provider for the region (ex. AWS)
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String) Public IP addresses for the region
- `slug` (String) The slug of the region

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = planetscale_database_postgres.my_planetscale_database_postgres
  id = jsonencode({
    name = "..."
    organization = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import planetscale_database_postgres.my_planetscale_database_postgres '{"name": "...", "organization": "..."}'
```
