---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_database Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A PlanetScale database.
  Known limitations:
  When using service tokens (recommended), ensure the token has the create_databases organization-level permission. This allows terraform to create new databases and automatically grants the token all other permissions on the databases created by the token.
---

# planetscale_database (Resource)

A PlanetScale database.

Known limitations:
- When using service tokens (recommended), ensure the token has the `create_databases` organization-level permission. This allows terraform to create new databases and automatically grants the token all other permissions on the databases created by the token.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_database" "example" {
  organization = "example"
  name         = "anotherdb"
  cluster_size = "PS_10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_size` (String) The default plan size of the database's branches.
- `name` (String) The name of this database.
- `organization` (String) The organization this database belongs to.

### Optional

- `allow_data_branching` (Boolean) Whether seeding branches with data is enabled for all branches.
- `automatic_migrations` (Boolean) Whether to automatically manage Rails migrations during deploy requests.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch for the database.
- `insights_raw_queries` (Boolean) The URL to see this database's branches in the web UI.
- `migration_framework` (String) Framework used for applying migrations.
- `migration_table_name` (String) Table name to use for copying schema migration data.
- `production_branch_web_console` (Boolean) Whether web console is enabled for production branches.
- `region` (String) The region the database lives in.
- `require_approval_for_deploy` (Boolean) Whether an approval is required to deploy schema changes to this database.
- `restrict_branch_region` (Boolean) Whether to restrict branch creation to one region.

### Read-Only

- `at_backup_restore_branches_limit` (Boolean) If the database has reached its backup restored branch limit.
- `at_development_branch_limit` (Boolean) If the database has reached its development branch limit.
- `branches_count` (Number) The total number of database branches.
- `branches_url` (String) The URL to retrieve this database's branches via the API.
- `created_at` (String) When the database was created.
- `data_import` (Attributes) If the database was created from an import, describes the import process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_import))
- `default_branch_read_only_regions_count` (Number) Number of read only regions in the default branch.
- `default_branch_shard_count` (Number) Number of shards in the default branch.
- `default_branch_table_count` (Number) Number of tables in the default branch schema.
- `development_branches_count` (Number) The total number of database development branches.
- `html_url` (String) The total number of database development branches.
- `id` (String) The ID of the database.
- `issues_count` (Number) The total number of ongoing issues within a database.
- `multiple_admins_required_for_deletion` (Boolean) If the database requires multiple admins for deletion.
- `plan` (String) The database plan.
- `production_branches_count` (Number) The total number of database production branches.
- `ready` (Boolean) If the database is ready to be used.
- `schema_last_updated_at` (String) When the default branch schema was last changed.
- `sharded` (Boolean) If the database is sharded.
- `state` (String) State of the database.
- `updated_at` (String) When the database was last updated.
- `url` (String) The URL to the database API endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--data_import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_import`

Read-Only:

- `data_source` (Attributes) Connection information for the source of the data for the import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_import--data_source))
- `finished_at` (String) When the import finished.
- `import_check_errors` (String) Errors encountered while preparing the import.
- `started_at` (String) When the import started.
- `state` (String) The state of the import, one of: pending, queued, in_progress, complete, cancelled, error.

<a id="nestedatt--data_import--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_import.data_source`

Required:

- `database` (String) The name of the database imported from.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname where the database lives.
- `port` (String) The port on which the database listens on the host.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Databases can be imported using "org,database" as the identifier.
terraform import planetscale_branch.example "org,database"
```
