---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_password Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Password Resource
---

# planetscale_password (Resource)

Password Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_password" "my_password" {
  branch = "...my_branch..."
  cidrs = [
    "..."
  ]
  database      = "...my_database..."
  direct_vtgate = false
  name          = "...my_name..."
  organization  = "...my_organization..."
  replica       = true
  role          = "admin"
  ttl           = 8.92
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The name of the branch the password belongs to
- `database` (String) The name of the database the password belongs to
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization the password belongs to

### Optional

- `cidrs` (List of String) List of IP addresses or CIDR ranges that can use this password
- `direct_vtgate` (Boolean) Whether the password connects directly to a VTGate. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) Optional name of the password
- `replica` (Boolean) Whether the password is for a read replica. Requires replacement if changed.
- `role` (String) The database role of the password (i.e. admin). must be one of ["reader", "writer", "admin", "readwriter"]; Requires replacement if changed.
- `ttl` (Number) Time to live (in seconds) for the password. The password will be invalid when TTL has passed. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `access_host_regional_url` (String) The regional host URL
- `access_host_regional_urls` (List of String) The read-only replica host URLs
- `access_host_url` (String) The host URL for the password
- `actor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actor))
- `created_at` (String) When the password was created
- `database_branch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_branch))
- `deleted_at` (String) When the password was deleted
- `direct_vtgate_addresses` (List of String) The list of hosts in each availability zone providing direct access to a vtgate
- `expired` (Boolean) True if the credentials are expired
- `expires_at` (String) When the password will expire
- `id` (String) The ID for the password
- `last_used_at` (String) When the password was last used to execute a query
- `plain_text` (String, Sensitive) The plain text password, available only after create
- `region` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region))
- `renewable` (Boolean) Whether or not the password can be renewed
- `ttl_seconds` (Number) Time to live (in seconds) for the password. The password will be invalid when TTL has passed
- `username` (String) The username for the password

<a id="nestedatt--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actor`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the actor's avatar
- `display_name` (String) The name of the actor
- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--database_branch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_branch`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID for the branch
- `mysql_edge_address` (String) The address of the MySQL provider for the branch
- `name` (String) The name for the branch
- `private_edge_connectivity` (Boolean) True if private connectivity is enabled
- `production` (Boolean) Whether or not the branch is a production branch


<a id="nestedatt--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region`

Read-Only:

- `current_default` (Boolean) True if the region is the default for new branch creation
- `display_name` (String) Name of the region
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the region is currently active
- `id` (String) The ID of the region
- `location` (String) Location of the region
- `provider` (String) Provider for the region (ex. AWS)
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String) Public IP addresses for the region
- `slug` (String) The slug of the region

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = planetscale_password.my_planetscale_password
  id = jsonencode({
    branch = "..."
    database = "..."
    id = "..."
    organization = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import planetscale_password.my_planetscale_password '{"branch": "...", "database": "...", "id": "...", "organization": "..."}'
```
