---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_postgres_branch_backup Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PostgresBranchBackup Resource
---

# planetscale_postgres_branch_backup (Resource)

PostgresBranchBackup Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The name of the branch. Requires replacement if changed.
- `database` (String) The name of the database the branch belongs to. Requires replacement if changed.
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization the branch belongs to. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `emergency` (Boolean) Whether the backup is an immediate backup that may affect database performance. Emergency backups are only supported for PostgreSQL databases. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) Name for the backup. Requires replacement if changed.
- `retention_unit` (String) Unit for the retention period of the backup. must be one of ["hour", "day", "week", "month", "year"]; Requires replacement if changed.
- `retention_value` (Number) Value between `1` and `1000` for the retention period of the backup (i.e retention_value `6` and retention_unit `hour` means 6 hours). Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `actor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actor))
- `backup_policy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_policy))
- `completed_at` (String) When the backup completed
- `database_branch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_branch))
- `deleted_at` (String) When the backup was deleted
- `estimated_storage_cost` (Number) The estimated storage cost of the backup
- `expires_at` (String) When the backup expires
- `id` (String) The ID for the backup
- `protected` (Boolean) Whether or not the backup is protected from deletion
- `pvc_size` (Number) Size of the PVC used for the backup
- `size` (Number) The size of the backup in bytes
- `started_at` (String) When the backup started
- `state` (String) The current state of the backup

<a id="nestedatt--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actor`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_policy`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the backup policy


<a id="nestedatt--database_branch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_branch`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID for the resource
- `name` (String) The name for the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = planetscale_postgres_branch_backup.my_planetscale_postgres_branch_backup
  id = jsonencode({
    branch       = "..."
    database     = "..."
    id           = "..."
    organization = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import planetscale_postgres_branch_backup.my_planetscale_postgres_branch_backup '{"branch": "...", "database": "...", "id": "...", "organization": "..."}'
```
