---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_vitess_branch Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VitessBranch Resource
---

# planetscale_vitess_branch (Resource)

VitessBranch Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "planetscale_vitess_branch" "my_vitessbranch" {
  backup_id     = "...my_backup_id..."
  cluster_size  = "...my_cluster_size..."
  database      = "...my_database..."
  name          = "...my_name..."
  organization  = "...my_organization..."
  parent_branch = "...my_parent_branch..."
  region        = "...my_region..."
  seed_data     = "last_successful_backup"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The name of the database the branch belongs to. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) The name of the branch to create. Requires replacement if changed.
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization the branch belongs to. Requires replacement if changed.
- `parent_branch` (String) Parent branch. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `backup_id` (String) If provided, restores the backup's schema and data to the new branch. Must have `restore_production_branch_backup(s)` or `restore_backup(s)` access to do this. Requires replacement if changed.
- `cluster_size` (String) The database cluster size is required if a backup_id is provided. Options: PS_10, PS_20, PS_40, ..., PS_2800. Requires replacement if changed.
- `region` (String) The region to create the branch in. If not provided, the branch will be created in the default region for its database. Requires replacement if changed.
- `seed_data` (String) If provided, restores the last successful backup's schema and data to the new branch. Must have `restore_production_branch_backup(s)` or `restore_backup(s)` access to do this, in addition to Data Branching™ being enabled for the branch. must be "last_successful_backup"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `actor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actor))
- `cluster_name` (String) The SKU representing the branch's cluster size
- `html_url` (String) Planetscale app URL for the branch
- `id` (String) The ID of the branch
- `mysql_address` (String) The MySQL address for the branch
- `mysql_edge_address` (String) The address of the MySQL provider for the branch
- `ready` (Boolean) Whether or not the branch is ready to serve queries
- `region_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region_data))
- `state` (String) The current state of the branch
- `url` (String) Planetscale API URL for the branch

<a id="nestedatt--actor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actor`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the actor


<a id="nestedatt--region_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region_data`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the region

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = planetscale_vitess_branch.my_planetscale_vitess_branch
  id = jsonencode({
    database = "..."
    id = "..."
    organization = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import planetscale_vitess_branch.my_planetscale_vitess_branch '{"database": "...", "id": "...", "organization": "..."}'
```
